Let's not talk about another important concept called enim.
Typically what we're used to in Java is to use strings to represent a different set of values.
So I can use the string winder string Springs putting some and string fall to represent the fact that
to represent the seasons the fact is that all these four together have something in common they're all
different seasons.
So Jawa has created this thing called ENM where you can define all the possible values a specific type
can have.
So the season can have forwell use winter spring summer and fall.
And no I can have all these values in a single type and we can use seasonal or winter or season of spring
season summer season or fall as these basic values for that particular in them.
So this would love us writing code like this like for example one of the things we should be able to
do is use a switch around them so I can do a switch around the genome.
And basically we are like we have a method which is getting the expected maximum pressure.
So if it's winter then we are doing fine spring and fall.
We're reading in summer it's 20.
This looks like some European country nice weather even in summer it doesn't do more than 20 degrees
Celsius.
So that's good weather.
We can look at further Edwins examples of them in two classes in Grant and in them at once do.
So let's quickly look at in advance.
So the first thing is you can have it earlier.
We'll have that in way where it was just winter spring summer and fall.
But if he has a constructor defined so here I have it with a constructor defined and customized with
in code.
So now I have a variable in the name as well.
So now I can define a value.
So winder de-value this one spring the value is to some of the values to the fall the values for.
And I can even have a called Get chord method to return the chord for a specific season.
The other thing we can also create is a value of method.
So given a specific value so the value of meant that what it does is if you pass a value to it don't
spring if you will for pass a value for it and false.
So what it does is it looks loops through the seasons and checks where the record matches record matches
then it returns.
That's this week's season man thing.
And we already look at this get expected max temperature thing.
So this would be this would allow this is using a switch to switch over this particular enim instance
to return.
What is the max expected temperature.
So these are this is like an advanced Inam where we are assigning a code for that specific Inam value.
And also we are having a method where you'd be able to convert the ESM into code or be called into him
you can see that in here.
So I'm saying See then don't get go slow season is a cold winter.
So is get good.
What does it return.
One.
Right.
So Susan the core of winter is one that's true.
And you can see see Zehnder get expected maximum temperature because the season is winter it would return.
It would go to this method and it would return fire.
So I would be printed and season customized value of four.
So what season has a value of four.
It's false that this would print fall in.
So this is Edwins example of an enum where we are doing a lot more than the basic just having a list
of values.
And there's another one to ocean off ENM here where we are actually extending the ENM directly so here
you are looking at I'm saying winter and I'm defending a customized method on there so I'm saying this
is winter and the customized method is written five and the same kind of metal I'm putting on summer
and the default metal.
I can put it in here.
So the default method is this.
And for these two values are overriding the method and giving a new value.
I mean this is just to show you what is possible within them.
These are really complex.
I would really why this kind of a code in the real prediction scenario is just to kind of give you a
picture of what are the different things that are possible.
But then you can have a variable you can have value.
You can have a method and different kinds of things.
I would recommend you to go to these a number once and you might want to and play around with these
glasses to get their idea about what's happening in here.
In this we deal we started with basic income and we looked at a couple of advanced examples of is really
its methods and that as well.
So I'm in the next media way.